Update-clarify-sq-cmd (#5499)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/saved-queries.md

For more information on how to run exports, refer to the [Exports](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/exports) documentation.

## FAQs

<detailsToggle alt_header="Can I have multiple exports in a single saved query?">

Yes, this is possible. However, the difference would be the name, schema, and materialization strategy of the export.
</detailsToggle>

<detailsToggle alt_header="How can I select saved_queries by their resource type?">

> To build `saved_queries`, use the [`--resource-type` flag](/reference/global-configs/resource-type) and run the command `dbt build --resource-type saved_query_name`.

Author: ```suggestion
To include all saved queries in the dbt build run, use the [`--resource-type` flag](/reference/global-configs/resource-type) and run the command `dbt build --resource-type saved_query`.
```
